Update climate_ir.md - advanced_commands_support (#5412)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/climate/climate_ir.md

- **supports_heat** (*Optional*, boolean): Enables setting heating mode for this climate device. Defaults to `true`.
- **receiver_id** (*Optional*, [ID](#config-id)): The id of the remote_receiver if this platform supports
  receiver. see: [Using a Receiver](#ir-receiver_id).

- All other options from [Climate](#config-climate).

### Advanced Options

- **transmitter_id** (*Optional*, [ID](#config-id)): Manually specify the ID of the remote transmitter.

{{< anchor "climate_ir_lg" >}}

### `climate_ir_lg`

- **header_high** (*Optional*, [Time](#config-time)): time for the high part of the header for the LG protocol. Defaults to `8000us`
- **header_low** (*Optional*, [Time](#config-time)): time for the low part of the header for the LG protocol. Defaults to `4000us`
- **bit_high** (*Optional*, [Time](#config-time)): time for the high part of any bit in the LG protocol. Defaults to `600us`
- **bit_one_low** (*Optional*, [Time](#config-time)): time for the low part of a '1' bit in the LG protocol. Defaults to `1600us`
- **bit_zero_low** (*Optional*, [Time](#config-time)): time for the low part of a '0' bit in the LG protocol. Defaults to `550us`

> - **advanced_commands_support** (*Optional*, boolean): enables an advanced control mode for newer units, allowing temperature regulation in `Heat/Cool` mode and vertical airflow adjustment (6 fixed positions +  up/down swing) also swing mode is remembered after powering off. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **advanced_commands_support** (*Optional*, boolean): enables an advanced control mode for newer units, allowing temperature regulation in `Heat/Cool` mode and vertical airflow adjustment (6 fixed positions +  up/down swing).  Swing mode is remembered after powering off as well. Defaults to `false`.
```

```yaml
# Example configuration entry
climate:
  - platform: climate_ir_lg
    name: "AC"
    sensor: room_temperature
    header_high: 3265us # AC Units from LG in Brazil, for example use these timings
    header_low: 9856us

>     alternative_mode: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    advanced_commands_support: false
```
